{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=2728, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww50900\viewh20280\viewkind1\viewscale397
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs8 \cf0 Interview Nailin\
\
Supply and Demand:\
Supply is what matters, Demand is infinite!!\
\
You get the interview because they like your skills and body of work\
You get the job because they like YOU!\
\
3 reasons why you won't get the job.\
1. Training costs money\
2. Concerns about longevity - ROI\
3. They just don\'92t like you\
\
Be confident, honest, trusting.\
Bring ideas to the table.\
\
Communication Process.\
We have thousands of articles focusing primarily on 7% of what you say in the interview\
7% words\
55% physiology\
38% voice tones\
\
Whats the interviewing secret?\
People like to be around people who are like themselves!\
\
Questions you may have about the interview process? *Use the plus 1 rule.\
How should I dress, what should my tone be, my posture, eye contact? Space and touching,\
\
Dress? Don't overdress.\
Tone?  Get a read of the person interviewing and the room.\
Posture? Be more strict than they are. If it is relaxed, don't be afraid to relax to match.\
Eye contact? Don\'92t be creepy, look away.  Share their excitement and passion for their company.\
Space and Touching? Get good at matching peoples tones and mannerisms. Don\'92t be overly aggressive/exciting. People like people who are like themselves\
\
Medial prefrontal cortex - middle of brain - The thought process that decides the outcomes of a situation\
Encodes expectation of positive outcomes\
Encodes expectation of negative outcomes.\
\
Pre interview - \
Do your homework, be early, turn off phone, look busy, shake hands and lock eyes briefly\
Figure out your story/practice answers, ask intelligent questions/listen.\
\
During interview - \
Answer in as much space as needed, let silence hang, assure them of your ability to learn, adapt and react quickly using evidence\
Address all people in the room, be comfortable, ask intelligent questions/listen, Say, \'93I don\'92t know\'94 and/or ask clarifying questions, talk about what you know, not what you don\'92t.\
Have ample time in your schedule for \'93Bonus Time\'94, get emails or cards for followups, ask when they will be selecting someone, at the end, re-affirm or re-claim good \'93feelings\'94\
If it feels right, ask them for an area to get started on, if you want the job, tell them. Follow up the next day in a brief email.\
\
Don\'92t ever bring up money\
Dont fidget or swivel\
Don\'92t ask how you did\
Don\'92t say \'93we\'94\
Don\'92t be cocky\
Dont be desperate\
Don\'92t talk about other companies\
Don\'92t be negative about former employers, etc.\
Don\'92t interview early in the morning, near or during lunch, or on Friday after 2 or 3pm.\
Talk about politics or religion unless asked\
Say \'93honestly\'94 or \'93to be honest\'94\
Don\'92t swear\
Don\'92t be surprised when they do \
\
Don\'92t be nervous when you get an interview, be nervous when you don\'92t get an interview or a call back.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}